cloud: manage user profiles (#8969)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md

2. Click **Connect**. The **Connect to TiDB** dialog box is displayed.

> 3. Under **Step 2: Connect with a SQL client** in the dialog box, click the tab of your preferred connection method, and then connect to your cluster with the connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Connect to TiDB** dialog box displayed in the preceding step "Click **Connect**", click the tab of your preferred connection method, and then connect to your cluster with the connection string.
```

Author: ditto.
